Thank you, thank you,
You listened to the explanation.
What else is there to explain? You helped him draw arrows.
My sister Xu Xu is like this.
Sir, if you don’t tell me,
Don't believe me. You admit it broke out,
You say me. No.
Sorry, please come and meet me.
Xu doesn't want to do anything about the company.
You also passed away and died.
Sir, I must not believe you.
I'm not lying to you.
Then cooperate with their company.
If you ask others to discuss it,
I can terminate the cooperation now. Need not.
You didn’t know you had delivered it recently.
Know how to call it random thoughts
Am I sick, silly?
Maybe it's because she's pregnant
Besides, I would be very happy to have you again.
Are you just lonely and pregnant with your original wife?
After the process, the marriage is so miserable. Who are you?
It doesn't matter who I am
What's important is that Chao Saijia returns you to this place.
Of course you don't want to take care of yourself
That’s fine if you don’t know anything about Lu.
Ice at eight o'clock
Chao Saijia is in the first hospital.
you know what to do